README.md, before:

# Global Input App Browser Extension
This is the source code of the [Global Input App Chrome extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/global-input-app/hcklienddlealndjnakkagefaelhnjkp?hl=en) and the [Global Input App Firefox ADD-ONS](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/global-input-app/). It allows you to use your mobile to operate on a web page loaded on a browser in your computer, or transfer data between them, or encrypt content that only your mobile can decrypt. The communication between your mobile and the extension is secured using end-to-end encryption.

It comes preloaded with configurations for operating directly on some common websites like Google, GitHub, GitLab, Amazon+AWS, Dropbox, Apple, Twitter, Facebook, Digital Ocean, LinkedIn, Wordpress, Lucidchart, ProtonMail, although you can easily create a new configuration for any web page by simply adding a configuration specifying the HTML element that you would like to interact with using your mobile.



 This extension offers an array of features like [Mobile Authentication](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-authentication), [Mobile Content Transfer](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-content-transfer), [Mobile Input](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-input-control), [Mobile Control](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-input-control), and [Mobile Encryption](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-content-encryption). 

## How to Build

This is a React.js application, you can build it like any other normal React.js applications, and you can run it without installing it as a browser extension.

```
git clone https://github.com/global-input/browser-extension.git
cd browser-extension
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```

Commit message:

form data transfer and page control are improved

README.md, after:

# Global Input App Browser Extension
This is a browser extension application ([Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/global-input-app/hcklienddlealndjnakkagefaelhnjkp?hl=en), [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-GB/firefox/addon/global-input-app/)). It is a complete TypeScript application that uses the [global-input-react] module to achieve mobile collaboration. It allows you to use your mobile to operate on web pages loaded on your computer, transferring data securely, signing in, signing up to services, encrypting/decrypting data to name a few. One of the use cases is that it allow you to signing in using your mobile on websites like Google, GitHub, GitLab, Amazon+AWS, Dropbox, Apple, Twitter, Facebook, Digital Ocean, LinkedIn, Wordpress, Lucidchart, ProtonMail. You can actually do much more, you can specify the HTML elements that you would like to interact with using your mobile then you can control.



 This extension offers an array of features like [Mobile Authentication](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-authentication), [Mobile Content Transfer](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-content-transfer), [Mobile Input](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-input-control), [Mobile Control](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-input-control), and [Mobile Encryption](https://globalinput.co.uk/global-input-app/mobile-content-encryption).

## How to Build

This is a React.js application, you can build it like any other normal React.js applications, and you can run it without installing it as a browser extension.

```
git clone https://github.com/global-input/browser-extension.git
cd browser-extension
npm install
npm run build
npm start
```
